user namespaces: add support for userns-mode annotation (#3944)
cri-o/cri-o: docs/crio.conf.5.md

**read_only**=false
  If set to true, all containers will run in read-only mode.

**allow_userns_annotation**=false

>   Allow usage of the experimental feature for setting user namespaces through the io.kubernetes.cri-o.userns-mode annotation.  This is an experimental feature,

Reviewer: nit: maybe we should do it like the crio.8.md file as [EXPERIMENTAL] so it stands out.

>   Allow usage of the experimental feature for setting user namespaces through the io.kubernetes.cri-o.userns-mode annotation.  This is an experimental feature, do not

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Allow usage of the experimental feature for setting user namespaces through the io.kubernetes.cri-o.userns-mode annotation.  This is an experimental feature, 
```

>   enable in production.  It might be changed in future without any notice.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  enable this annotation in a production environment.  It may be changed in the future without any notice.
```

Author: thanks, fixed
